 'Dashboard' tab 'Dashboard' tab Introduction Active users Conversations covering Average conversations by time of the day Introduction 
 On the Dashboard tab, you can monitor and analyze your chatbot's statistics. The data demonstrate numbers on total chatbot users, conversations cover, and average conversations by day. Learn more details on each of the graphs below. Active users 
 Chart ‘Active users’ displays the number of unique bot users who were active during the chosen period. You can filter the data by the last 7 days, 30 days, or any custom period. When filtered, you can also check the number of unique active bot users per day, see the number of users per filtered period, and the total number of users since the time your chatbot is up and running. 

 Admin user is able to download the “active_users.csv” report by clicking the button “Download” on the “Active users” chart on the Dashboard tab of Enterprise platform. The data in the report is affected by the time range selected on the date picker. In case only one channel is connected to the bot instance and it has at least one user only the “All channels” line is displayed. ‘Active users’ chart has separate lines for each connected channel with at least one user and an additional line for “All channels”. 

 By default, only “All channels” is selected (all other channels are deselected). The date and number of active users over a selected period for the channel are shown on hover over the channel line. Active users chart’s legends are sorted by the total amount of users for each channel - from largest to smallest. Active users — number of unique users on all channels over the period selected on the date picker. Total users (all-time users) — number of unique users on all channels over the chatbot history to date. The number is not affected by the date range selected on the date picker. Admin user is able to download “users_per_channel.csv” report by clicking button “Download” on “Users per channel” chart on Dashboard tab of Enterprise platform. The data in the report is affected by the time range selected on the date picker. Conversations covering 
 Pie chart ‘Conversations covering’ tells the number of conversations handled by the chatbot in contrast to the number of conversations handled by live support. The data is filtered by date. The default date range is ‘Last 7 days’. Use a date picker to adjust the time period up to your needs. 

 By chatbot - displays all conversations covered by the bot. By customer support - displays all conversations handled by live support. All chatbot users who made a support request while chatting with a bot appear here and are excluded from the 'By chatbot' calculation. Admin user is able to download the “conversations_covered.csv” report by clicking the button “Download” on the “Conversations covered” chart on the Dashboard tab of Enterprise Platform. The data in the report is affected by the time range selected on the date picker. Average conversations by time of the day 
 Chart ‘Average conversations by the time of day’ shows the average hourly number of users per every day of the week. The data is filtered by date. The default date range is ‘Last 7 days’. Use a date picker to adjust the time period up to your needs. By default, hours on charts are displayed in the UTC timezone. You can change the bot's timezone set in the Settings tab, and the hours on the chart will be updated accordingly. 
 Admin user is able to download “average_conversations_by_time_of_the_day.csv” report by clicking the button “Download” on “Average conversations by the time of the day” chart on Dashboard tab of Enterprise platform. The data in the report is affected by the time range selected on the date picker. 
 