 'NLP' tab 'NLP' tab Introduction FAQ Intents Triggers Training Entities Contextual conversations NLP and Knowledge base Related Articles Introduction The magic happens here!✨ Learn about our main NLP elements to create your quick-witted chatbots that will crack all the questions. When you create a new bot instance on the Enterprise Platform, it’s automatically connected to ODIN - our built-in intent and entity recognition service based on the GPT 3.5 model created by OpenAI. Also, you can manually connect your bot instance to DialogFlow and WitAi NLP providers if needed. 
 How to select an NLP provider? The default language of the bot instance is English and it’s supported by ODIN; In case you want to add additional language to the bot, you can do it in the Language sub-tab of the Bot Settings tab; If the language you want to add is not supported by ODIN, you will receive a notification to connect DialogFlow or WitAi NLP provider first; DialogFlow and WitAi can be connected via the Integrations sub-tab of the Bot Settings tab. From here on, each NLP provider will support the corresponding language that you have added (i.e. ODIN - English, DialogFlow - languages not supported by ODIN, WitAi - languages not supported by DialogFlow). 
 FAQ With the help of FAQ, you can handle predictable user questions and make sure that the bot provides the most appropriate answers. It is quite similar to the website FAQ section of the website that covers common questions & answers. Here's a description of all useful elements on the FAQ tab (numbered according to the description below): Intents Intents are used to teach a chatbot to understand what users type to him. For instance, your chatbot has different functionality. Your chatbot has buttons for each functionality to guide users through the flow. However, users prefer to chat with a bot naturally by entering commands on their own instead of pressing buttons, which means that you need to train your chatbot to understand the user's intents. Intents are one of the pieces you need to have to complete the training. Once you have all intents are created, they need to be linked with triggers. In case you are using ODIN or WitAi, the Intents tab will be empty by default. In case you are using DialogFlow as an NLP provider you will have Default Welcome Intent in the Intents tab. 

 Triggers Triggers set off a chain of reactions. In our case, they activate a previously created Intent at a certain point of the conversation and push an atom that responds to the intent. Let's look closely (the numbers on the screenshot correspond to the description provided below): Current atom - a drop-down menu with existing atoms of the flow. It's a point in the flow where a user is supposed to be so that the given Intent works and the selected New Atom is being sent to the user. You can either fill it in or leave the field empty. In the latter case, the intent will work in any context. Intent - a drop-down selector with already existing intents. These intents contain phrases that a user can send to the chatbot. New Atom - a drop-down selector with already existing atoms. The selected atom is sent to a user as an answer to their intent. A sample of a New Atom that contains a default reply. Training Training is the tab where you can see at what point of the conversation the bot got lost and couldn't provide an answer, in order to train the bot to tackle these cases. If a bot is stuck and doesn't know how to reply, he sends a Default Reply to the user. By default, the reply is "Sorry, but I didn't get it. Could you rephrase it?". The text of this reply can be changed in the Flows → Basic chatbot configurations. You can make the bot understand those new phrases by conducting some training. In order to train phrase to some FAQ/Intent, open Intent dropdown, select FAQ/Intent most suitable for the phrase and press “Train”. 
 Training is a sub-tab where all phrases sent from user to bot appear. “All” holds in itself all of the user phrases that have been sent to bot. Language filter is to sort user phrases by language (in case you have a multi-language bot). “Not handled” shows user phrases that bot didn't understand. Intents filter is to sort user phrases from “All” by intent. Intent dropdown opens list of FAQ/Intents where you can select most suitable for the phrase Train button is to tell the bot to use the selected FAQ/Intent in case a user writes this phrase/question. Confidence can be from 0.0 (completely uncertain) to 1.0 (completely certain). DialogFlow scor es potential matches with an intent detection confidence when searching for a matching intent. Create new button opens Create new FAQ modal where user can edit phrases and create new FAQ. 
 Entities Entity - an entity is an information unit that represents a certain type of real-world subjects, like an email address, phone number, zip code, city, person’s name, etc. In ODIN context it’s the intent parameter that dictates exactly how data from an end-user expression is extracted. Entity values and synonyms - Some entity entries have multiple words or phrases that are considered equivalent. For these entity entries, you provide one value and one or more synonyms . Example: “fruits” is an entity , “berry” and “citrus” are value s, “strawberries, raspberries” and “oranges, lemons” are their corresponding synonyms. “vegetables” is also an entity with “root” and “leafy” as values and “lettuce”, “spinach” and “potato”, “beef” as corresponding synonyms. Using attribute: entity pair we will be able to direct the end user to the different parts of the flow, depending on his entries “Can I order strawberries?” or “Can I order potatoes?” while using one intent “Order fruits/vegetables”. 

 Contextual conversations 
 If the Contextual conversations feature is enabled, the chatbot will use the context of the previous five messages in the chat history to find answers to the user’s query. Contextual conversations are enabled by default in the newly created bot. You can disable it in the Contextual conversations section of the General Bot Settings. 

 NLP and Knowledge base 
 The k nowledge base is another NLP feature based on the GPT 4 model created by OpenAI. When the user sends some request to the chatbot with both NLP and knowledge base configured, it’s first checked against existing FAQ/Intents, and if none is triggered, we check if the knowledge base can generate an answer to the request. If the knowledge base doesn’t have related info, the user receives answer based on prompt/general GPT knowledge. 
 Related Articles What is NLP How to add and edit an FAQ? Dialogflow integration WitAi integration How do I add a new language to the bot? 
 