 'Support' tab 'Support' tab Introduction Chatbot user's side: request customer support Admin user's side: new request Browser notifications Admin user's side: close the request Customer support manager's side: new request Message statuses Related articles: Introduction 
 Get closer to your customers! This is a tab from which you can jump into the flow and have a real-time conversation with the user, answer their personal demands, and make sure that everything's under control. Make use of live chat support to handle your lead generation and fulfillment, campaign management, pre-sales, and post-sales inquiries, complaint registration, tech support, etc. in the most efficient way 😎. 
 Chatbot user's side: request customer support 
 Open request The chatbot user is transferred to customer support mode after receiving atom ‘Online support (open request)’ (Human handover flow). The attribute “current_request_status”= open is being assigned to the user. By default, the ‘Online support (open request)’ atom contains the text ‘I've transferred your request to our team. One of our agents will contact you as soon as possible either here or via email to {{user_email}}.’ The user is not being asked to provide an email in case {{user_email}} is not empty. The bot doesn’t reply to the chatbot user’s text input if the request is ‘open’. Pending request If a chatbot user has made a support request during the team’s non-working hours they receive: ‘It seems like no one is online right now. I've transferred your request to our team. One of our agents will contact you as soon as possible either here or via email to {{user_email}}.' The team’s working hours can be configured in the ‘Bot Settings’ tab → ‘Team hours’. The user is not being asked to provide an email in case {{user_email}} is not empty. The attribute “current_request_status”= pending is being assigned to the user. The user can continue the conversation with a bot if the request is ‘pending.’ The availability of a support agent is determined based on the attribute “is_in_working_hours,” which can be “true” or “false”. Admin can configure desired logic for human handover flow by using attributes “current_request_status” and “is_in_working_hours” in the Smart redirect element in atom builder. Exit support mode A chatbot user can exit support mode and get back to the bot by entering the command “back to bot” (receiving the “Back to bot” atom). Message ‘Now you are talking to bot again’ would be sent then. You can also place atom ‘Back to bot’ as a postback to the option in the flow or persistent menu. The chatbot user will be transferred back to the bot after selecting such an option. The chatbot user is also being transferred back to the bot after clicking on any option in the flow. In such a case the chatbot user receives a message from the postback atom. Expired request In case a chatbot user that made a new request during working hours was not contacted by the support agent for 20 min he receives “Now you are redirected to the bot. Feel free to ask your questions.” and is being transferred back to the chatbot mode. Request already exists In case a chatbot user makes a new support request but his previous request was not closed by the admin, he receives “Thank you for reaching out! Your request has already been recorded. Our agents will get back to you as soon as possible.” Admin user's side: new request 
 All chats with the users in the Customer support tab are divided into two groups: ‘Open requests’ and ‘Solved requests’. Open requests are also divided into subgroups: ‘Assigned to me’, ‘New requests’, ‘Expired requests’, ‘Assigned’, ‘Chatbot’. Assigned to me: conversations assigned to the current platform user(marked with the green support mode icon); New requests: support requests made by chatbot’s users, but not assigned to anyone, if made out of working hours then marked with ‘clock’ icon; Assigned: conversations assigned to other platform users (marked with the black support mode icon); Expired requests: conversations that were not assigned during 20 minutes after chatbot user has made support request, conversations where chatbot user has transferred himself back to bot without admin’s involvement; Chatbot: all conversations with the bot. 

 Solved requests : conversations with users that were transferred back to the bot from the support mode by the platform user. 
 Conversation with the chatbot user that made the support request appears in ‘New requests’ and disappears from ‘Chatbot’. When the platform user sends a message to the chat from ‘New requests’ or ‘Chatbot’ or clicks the button ‘Assign to me’ this chat becomes assigned to that platform user. The assigned chat appears in ‘Assigned to me’ and disappears from ‘New requests’ or ‘Chatbot’. The platform user is able to send messages to the chatbot user and vice versa. Chat history is displayed in the chat history view. Platform user is able to send attachments (images and .gif) to the chatbot users. Browser notifications 
 In case the platform user is on the other platform tab and the assigned user sends a message this message is displayed as an in-app notification. 

 In case the platform user is on the other browser tab and the assigned user sends a message this message is displayed as browser notification. 

 Platform user also receives similar in-app/browser notifications in case support request was assigned to him. 
 How to enable browser notifications? 
 Platform user is able to assign chatbot user to himself by clicking the button ‘Assign to me’ or to the another platform user by clicking ‘Assign to...’ and selecting account from the list. 

 Platform user is also able to reassign the assigned chatbot user to himself by clicking the button ‘Reassign to me’ or to the platform another user by clicking ‘Reassign to...’ and selecting account from the list. 

 Indicator of active requests includes all the conversations assigned to the platform user with at least one unread message in the chat history (Assigned to me), Expired and New requests. The number of support requests increments after the chatbot user has made a new support request. 
 Admin user's side: close the request 
 When one presses the button ‘Close request’ — the chatbot user disappears from ‘Assigned to me’ and appears in ‘Chatbot’ without a support mode icon. Platform user also has the ability to select an atom from the dropdown. The selected atom will be sent as a message to the user — Customer support end message. 

 The closed conversation also appears in ‘Solved requests’. The message input is enabled. The number of customer support requests is decremented. If a chatbot user closes the page with the widget, then the platform user is no longer able to send messages to the chatbot user. Input is disabled with the message ‘User closed the chat and you can't send a message anymore’ and the button ‘Resolve request’ appears. After pressing ‘Resolve request’, the disconnected widget user disappears from ‘Assigned to me’ and appears in ‘Chatbot’ and ‘Solved requests’ without a support mode icon. The message input is disabled. The number of customer support requests is decremented. Customer support manager's side: new request 
 All chats with chatbot users in the Customer support tab are divided into two groups: ‘Open requests’ and ‘Closed requests’. Open requests: ‘ Assigned to me’, ‘New requests’, ‘Assigned’, ‘Chatbot’ Assigned to me: conversations assigned to the platform user with the role ‘Customer support manager’; New requests: support requests made by chatbot users, but not assigned; Assigned: support requests assigned to other platform users. 
 Solved requests: conversations with chatbot users that were transferred back to the bot by the platform users. 
 The customer support manager is able to send messages to the chatbot user and vice versa after pressing ‘Assign to me’ or after sending a text message directly to the chatbot user. Chat history is displayed in a chat history view. The customer support manager is able to transfer the user back to bot after the assignment and resolve the request of the disconnected widget user assigned to him. Message statuses 
 Message statuses displayed in the chat history view in the support tab reflect different actions of platform users and chatbot users during the conversation. Agent joined the conversation: platform user has pressed the button “Assign to me” or has sent a message to the chatbot user; Agent left the conversation: an agent has closed customer support request; Conversation ended: when the chatbot user was inactive for more than 30 minutes; User ended the conversation: when the chatbot user clicks ‘End conversation’ being in the customer support mode, the current conversation is being closed. Conversation ID in the chat history marks the beginning of the new conversation. 

 Related articles: How to set the support team’s working hours in the chatbot? 

 