 Attributes Attributes Overview 
 Attributes are properties or parameters that can be used in the chatbot flow to assign specific values to chatbot users. Types of attributes 
 There are several types of attributes that can be inserted into the chatbot's flow on the platform. System attributes are automatically pulled from the bot user’s profiles. They are displayed only in the Attributes popup in text components (message text, title, subtitle) in atom builder in case the corresponding channel is connected to the bot instance. They cannot be deleted or edited by an admin user. Bot user can update their values by changing settings in their profile in the corresponding channel. System attributes are not displayed in the “Manage attribute” modal and in the Attribute name dropdown lists in the “+Set attribute” pop-up and “Set attribute” element in atom builder. Widget attributes are displayed by default because each bot instance is primarily connected to the widget channel. Facebook: first_name last_name timezone WhatsApp: name Twilio: phone Widget: username email browser browser language country device_category page_url 2. Chatbot attributes - custom attributes that can be created and managed by an Admin user. They are displayed in the Attribute list in text components (message text, title, subtitle) in atom builder, in the “Manage attributes” modal, in the Attribute name dropdown lists in the “+Set attribute” pop-up, and “Set attribute” element in atom builder. Their values are editable. Chatbot attributes “user_time_to_call”, “user_email“, “user_feedback_comment“, ”feedback_score”, “is_in_working_hours”, “current_support_status” are present in newly created bot. 3. Default attributes - are pre-defined for each user and are automatically created on the platform. language - value is editable, is displayed only in the Attribute name dropdown lists in the “+Set attribute” pop-up and “Set attribute” element in atom builder, “Select attribute” dropdown in the “Smart redirect” element. The value should be provided in lowercase as de , ar , etc. Value is en by default. Valid values can be found here: 

 platform - value is not editable, and is displayed only in the “Select attribute” dropdown in the “Smart redirect” element on the platform. The value should be provided as one of FB_MESSENGER, TELEGRAM, WEBSITE, APP, AMIO_WHATSAPP, SMS_MMS_TWILIO , INSTAGRAM_MESSENGER close_conversation - value is editable, can be true or false , is displayed only in the Attribute name dropdown lists in the “+Set attribute” pop-up and “Set attribute” element in atom builder, “Select attribute” dropdown in the “Smart redirect” element. Immediately closes the current user’s conversation. conversation_outcome - value is editable, can be abandoned , escalated , failed , resolved , unresolved , is displayed only in the Attribute name dropdown lists in the “+Set attribute” pop-up and “Set attribute” element in atom builder, “Select attribute” dropdown in the “Smart redirect” element. Changes last user’s conversation outcome. 
 See Conversation 
 4. Admin user is able to insert attributes in the components in the atom builder: text message, random text message, generic title and subtitle, list title and subtitle, quick reply, button in a text message, button in a generic template, button in a list template, "Set attribute", "Save user input", "Smart redirect" elements in atom builder. In case the attribute value field in atom builder is empty, the chatbot user will have the corresponding attribute value reset on click on button/QR. 
 ☝🏽Note! Default, Chatbot, and Widget attributes are also displayed in the ‘Select attribute’ dropdown in the ‘Add new greeting’ modal in the Greetings sub-tab of the Widget tab. The can be used in greeting conditions. 
 See 'Widget' tab 
 ← Previous topic Next topic → Related topics: How to add attributes to the chatbot flow? Save user input Smart redirect 