 Conversation Conversation A conversation is a group of chatbot users’ interactions with a bot/support agent. Each conversation has a unique conversation ID. All messages and actions are stored in the conversation and chat history. Conversations are not connected contextually. 
 Conversation starts: When a new bot user receives a Welcome message/Start atom (atom from Widget popup) When the existing bot user clicks the postback button/quick reply When an existing bot user sends free text input 
 A new conversation ID is displayed in the chat history in the Support tab at the beginning of the conversation 
 Conversation ends: When the bot user makes “End conversation” in the widget After 30 min of bot user’s inactivity with the bot When the bot user receives the “conversation_closed: true” attribute 
 When the conversation with the bot ends, it’s counted to the resolution rate with the last assigned outcome (unengaged, abandoned, escalated, failed, resolved, unresolved). 
 Unengaged - in the case of the widget user has received only a Welcome message and the conversation was closed without further activity. Applies only to widget; in other channels conversation is always engaged Abandoned - in case the conversation was closed without any other outcome Escalated - in case the user has received “conversation_outcome=escalated” at least once during the conversation. I.e. you can place attribute “conversation_outcome=escalated” in the Human handover flow. Failed - in case the conversation was closed with “conversation_outcome=failed.” I.e., you can place attribute “conversation_outcome=failed” in the Default reply atom. Resolved - in case of conversation was closed with “conversation_outcome=resolved” Unresolved - in case conversation was closed with “conversation_outcome=unresolved” Note that the “escalated” outcome overrides other outcomes. Once escalated conversation means always escalated. 
 When the conversation with the bot ends messages “You ended the conversation”/”Session expired” are displayed in the chat history in the widget and messages “User ended the conversation”/”Conversation ended” are displayed in the chat history in the Support tab. 

 