 Dialogflow integration Dialogflow integration Introduction Option 1: Connect the existing DialogFlow agent Option 2: Create and connect a new agent Related articles Introduction Dialogflow is a natural language understanding platform that makes it easy to design and integrate a conversational user interface into your mobile app, web application, device, bot, interactive voice response system, and so on. Using Dialogflow, you can provide new and engaging ways for users to interact with your product. Dialogflow can analyze multiple types of input from your customers, including text or audio inputs (like from a phone or voice recording). It can also respond to your customers in a couple of ways, either through text or with synthetic speech. Integrate your chatbot with Dialogflow in order to conduct NLP training. 

 ☝🏽Note! You can connect the bot instance to the existing or newly created DialogFlow agent only once. The agent cannot be later reconnected to another instance and instance to another agent. Option 1: Connect the existing DialogFlow agent 
 The option is recommended for production bot instances and as a routine method of integration with Dialogflow. 
 Navigate to your Dialogflow account. Create a new agent or open an existing agent. Tap on the cogwheel button and copy the Project's ID. 
 Navigate to Enterprise Platform → Bot settings → Integrations. Open the Dialogflow integration. Paste the Dialogflow's project ID into the field. Click on 'Connect' to finish. 
 ☝🏽Note! In case you’re connecting an agent to the bot for the first time you will be asked to grant access to your google account in the Google auth screen. 
 Option 2: Create and connect a new agent The option is recommended for demo bot instances in case you need to quickly enable NLP in the bot without leaving the platform. 
 Navigate to Enterprise Platform → Bot settings → Integrations. Expand the DialogFlow section. Select ‘Create and connect new agent’. Press ‘Create’. 
 Wait until green success alert. 
 ☝🏽Note! The process of creation and connection of the new DialogFlow agent may take up to 60 seconds. 
 Related articles How to add and edit an FAQ? 'NLP' tab What is NLP 
 