 Flow Flow Flow is a conversational block that consists of atoms. You can imagine flow as a folder that contains files (atoms). Three flows are provided by default in every bot instance. 
 'Basic chatbot configuration' flow contains: Default atom ‘Welcome message’. Chatbot user will see this atom first after the start of the conversation Default atom ‘Default reply’. Chatbot user will see this atom if the bot does not recognize a text message from them. Default atom 'Main menu’. This atom can be placed in the persistent menu. Default atom ‘Back to bot’. This atom transfers the user back to Chatbot mode automatically. 
 ‘Feedback flow’ contains: Default atom ‘Feedback Score (Start)’. This atom provides the ability to the user to select a feedback rate from 1 to 5 stars. Default atom ‘Feedback User Comment’. This atom provides the ability to the user to provide feedback comments. Default atom ‘Feedback End’. This atom is being sent at the end of the Feedback flow. 
 ‘Human handover’ flow contains: Default atom ‘Human handover’ - entry point in the Customer support feature, directs the user to further logic based on the presence of the user’s email. Default atom ‘Human handover - Logic’ - directs chatbot user to open or pending request based on the user’s conditions. Default atom ‘Online support (open request)’ - creates an open support request in Support tab. Default atom ’Offline support (pending request)’ - creates pending support request in Support tab. is being sent to user that made request out of team’s working hours. Default atom ‘Human handover - Email request’ - is being sent to user who made support request and doesn't have email provided yet. Default atom ‘Human handover - Email invalid’ - is being sent in case user has entered email in format that doesn’t match validation. Default atom ‘Support request already exists’ - is being sent to user who made support request while his current request is not closed by admin. Default atom ‘Support request expired’ - is being sent to user in case he was not contacted by support agent during 20 min after request. 
 Next topic → Related topics: 
 