 Funnels Funnels Overview 
 The Funnels section of the Analytics tab provides the ability to review how successfully chatbot users are navigating through the chatbot flows. 
 Funnel - shows how successfully users are navigating via the defined flow during the conversation. It’s a series of steps a chatbot user passes while interacting with the bot. Step - is an atom(s) that the chatbot user receives while interacting with the bot. Step completion rate shows a percentage of conversations in which chatbot users entered the funnel and received this step’s atom(s). For a step to be completed user should receive atom(s) from the previous step within the given conversation. The completion rate shows a percentage of conversations in which chatbot users entered the funnel and received atom(s) from all steps in the defined order. Users can receive other atoms between the steps. For a funnel to be completed user should receive atom(s) from all steps in the defined order within the given conversation. A conversation is a group of chatbot user interactions with a bot that takes place within a given time frame. The conversation starts when a chatbot user starts a conversation with the chatbot, sends free text input to a chatbot/selects QR/button/main menu option, and ends after 30 minutes of inactivity OR assigning of the “conversation_closed: true” attribute. Drop off occurs when users receive a step atom but don’t proceed to the next step within the conversation duration. 
 Create a funnel for your chatbot 

 Go to the Analytics tab of the platform Press the "+Create new funnel" button Enter a unique name in the Funnel name field Add up to 10 steps Select atom for each step from the dropdown list. The amount of atoms inside the step is unlimited. Atom can be used only once inside the step. Atoms inside the step have "or" logic. Save 
 Congrats, your first funnel has been created! The funnel can be deleted, edited, and copied. The "Total conversations" column shows the number of conversations that have entered the funnel (received atom from the 1st step). The "Completion rate" column shows the percentage of conversations that passed from 1st to the last step of the funnel. In case your chatbot already has conversations, the historical data will be displayed. 

 Review funnel analytics 
 For example, in case the chatbot has 2 conversations that received an atom from the 1st step of the funnel and one of the conversations has received an atom from the last step of the funnel, the total number of conversations will be 2, and the completion rate will be 50%. Click "Show more" to review the completion rate chart Review the number and percentage of conversations for each step Review the transcript of conversations for each step or go to the full chat history in the Support tab. One conversation per page is displayed with the latest first. Review conversations that completed the next step and conversations that dropped off the next step using a filter inside the Transcripts view 

 Atoms that contain only content that is not visible to the chatbot user are not highlighted in the transcripts: Smart redirects, Random redirects, API calls, Set attribute, Save user input, etc 

 Related articles: ‘Analytics’ tab Conversation 
 