 Smart redirect Smart redirect Overview 
 "Smart redirect" is an atom builder element that provides the ability to create more complicated chatbots without coding. It allows guiding chatbot users to the different branches of the flow based on the combination of their attributes. In case the chatbot user match with the condition group he receives an atom set in "Redirect to". In case the chatbot user doesn't match with any condition group he receives an atom set in "Default reply". The priority of condition groups is defined by their number in the list. The top priority condition group should be added first. Condition group is a set of conditions with a conjunction between them. Condition is an attribute:value pair inside the condition group. 
 Logical operators and conjunctions 
 There are the following logical operators inside the condition: is is not greater then less then contains is default is not default 
 IS For operator “is” compared strings should have a full match. Is case-sensitive. 
 IS NOT 
 For operator “is not” compared strings shouldn’t match. Is case-sensitive. 
 GREATER THAN, LESS THAN 
 Operators “greater than”, and “less than” could be used for comparing numbers, date and time, and alphabetical order. To compare alphabetical order the letter from the English alphabet should be set as “value”. I.e. “T”. To compare dates, the date in format yyyy-mm-dd should be set as “value”. I.e. “2021-07-07”. To compare time, the time in format hh:mm should be set as “value”. I.e. 18:00 for 6pm, 02:00 for 2am, etc. 
 CONTAINS 
 Operator “contains” checks if the chatbot user’s value has a partial match with the provided value. Is case-insensitive. I.e. value “gpt” has a match with “GPT-4”, “ChatGPT”, etc. 
 IS DEFAULT, IS NOT DEFAULT 
 Operators “is default”, “is not default” check whether chatbot user has custom attribute value assigned. The presence of default value in the “Manage attributes” modal doesn’t affect the logic of “is default”, and “is not default” operators. 
 There are the following conjunctions between the conditions: and or On a chatbot user level 
 In case the user doesn’t have a custom value of the attribute assigned and the operator is “is default” the user receives an atom set in “redirect to”. In case the user doesn’t have a custom value of the attribute assigned and the operator is “is not default” the user receives an atom set in “default redirect”. In case the user has a custom value of the attribute assigned and the operator is “is default” the user receives an atom set in “default redirect”. In case the user has a custom value of the attribute assigned and the operator is “is not default” the user receives an atom set in “redirect to”. In case the user doesn’t have a custom value of the attribute assigned and the operator is: is - user receives “default redirect”; is not - user receives “redirect to”; greater than, less than - user receives “redirect to” if the attribute has a default value that matches with the condition; greater than - user receives "default redirect" if the attribute doesn’t have a default value; less than - user receives “redirect to” if the attribute doesn’t have a default value. Note: empty default value is always considered less than! contains - user receives "redirect to” if the attribute has a default value that matches with the condition. In case the user has a custom value of the attribute assigned and the operator is: is - user receives “redirect to”; is not - user receives “default redirect”; greater than - user receives “redirect to” if his value is greater than in condition; less than - user receives “redirect to” if his value is less than in condition; contains - user receives “redirect to” if the value has a partial match with value in condition; ELSE the user receives a “default redirect”. 
 ← Previous topic Next topic → Related topics: Attributes How to add attributes to the chatbot flow? Save user input 
 